fix invalid json in docker run for prom container, metric formatting … (#21956)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/docker/prometheus.md

{{% tab "Docker run command" %}}

```shell
# single metric
-l com.datadoghq.ad.check_names='["openmetrics"]' -l com.datadoghq.ad.init_configs='[{}]' -l com.datadoghq.ad.instances="[{\"openmetrics_endpoint\":\"http://%%host%%:<PROMETHEUS_PORT>/<PROMETHEUS_ENDPOINT>\",\"namespace\":\"<NAMESPACE>\",\"metrics\":[{\"<METRIC_TO_FETCH>\": \"<NEW_METRIC_NAME>\"}]}]"
```

> Notes on metrics formatting in com.datadoghq.ad.instances:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Examples of metrics formatting in `com.datadoghq.ad.instances`**
```
